Perform, distribute and/or sell copies of the Original Work and derivative works.
each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable copyright license to reproduce, prepare Derivative Works of, publicly display, publicly perform.
Under intellectual property rights (other than patent or trademark) Licensable by Initial Developer, to use, reproduce, modify, display, perform, sublicense and distribute the Original Software (or portions thereof), with or without Modifications, and/or as part of a Larger Work; 
This shall apply when the Licensee carries out any or all loading, displaying, running, transmission or storage operation as regards the Software, that it is entitled to carry out hereunder.
Subject to the terms of this Agreement, each Contributor hereby grants Recipient a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free copyright license to reproduce, prepare derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, distribute and sublicense the Contribution of such Contributor.
communicate to the public, including the right to make available or display the Work or copies thereof to the public and perform publicly, as the case may be, the Work.
Each Contributor hereby grants Recipient a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free copyright license to reproduce, prepare derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform.
You may copy and distribute verbatim copies of the Library's complete source code as you receive it, in any medium.
In particular, the act of running the Work is not restricted and no requirements are made concerning any offers of support for the Work.
Under intellectual property rights (other than patent or trademark) Licensable by Contributor, to use, reproduce, modify, display, perform.
under intellectual property rights (other than patent or trademark) Licensable by such Contributor to use, reproduce, make available, modify, display, perform.
to perform the Original Work publicly;
This Distribution may be modified and the original version and modified versions may be publicly performed.